MODULES_MANAGER_V2
solutions.Lab10.1|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab10/1.py
solutions.Lab10.2|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab10/2.py
solutions.Lab11.1|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab11/1.py
solutions.Lab11.2|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab11/2.py
solutions.Lab11.3|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab11/3.py
solutions.Lab12.hosts|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab12/hosts.py
solutions.Lab13.picto|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab13/picto.py
solutions.Lab14.1|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab14/1.py
solutions.Lab14.2|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab14/2.py
solutions.Lab14.4|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab14/4.py
solutions.Lab14.5|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab14/5.py
solutions.Lab14.6|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab14/6.py
solutions.Lab15.1|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab15/1.py
solutions.Lab15.2|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab15/2.py
solutions.Lab15.3|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab15/3.py
solutions.Lab15.5|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab15/5.py
solutions.Lab15.picto|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab15/picto.py
solutions.Lab16.2|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab16/2.py
solutions.Lab17.1|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab17/1.py
solutions.Lab17.echoServer|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab17/echoServer.py
solutions.Lab18.1|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab18/1.py
solutions.Lab18.2|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab18/2.py
solutions.Lab19.1|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab19/1.py
solutions.Lab19.2|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab19/2.py
solutions.Lab20.1|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab20/1.py
solutions.Lab20.2|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab20/2.py
solutions.Lab21.1|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab21/1.py
solutions.Lab22.server|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab22/server.py
solutions.Lab3.hello|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab3/hello.py
solutions.Lab4.2|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab4/2.py
solutions.Lab4.3|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab4/3.py
solutions.Lab5.1|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab5/1.py
solutions.Lab5.2|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab5/2.py
solutions.Lab6.1|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab6/1.py
solutions.Lab7.1|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab7/1.py
solutions.Lab7.2|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab7/2.py
solutions.Lab7.3|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab7/3.py
solutions.Lab8.1|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab8/1.py
solutions.Lab8.2|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab8/2.py
solutions.Lab8.3|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab8/3.py
solutions.Lab9.1|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab9/1.py
solutions.Lab9.2|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab9/2.py
solutions.Lab9.3|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab9/3.py
solutions.Lab9.4|/Users/seddon/home/workspace/Python/Feabhas Solutions/solutions/Lab9/4.py
